# Fab-Scraper

In 2022, the members of the South Korean girl group [LOONA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loona) joined the messaging service [Fab](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.neowizlab.fab&hl=en_US&gl=US) to communicate with their fans. While Fab had a feature to translate their messages from Korean to English, the translations were subpar as they utilized free or cheap translation services for the translations. Therefore, I wanted to develop a way to archive the messages LOONA posted to the service and provide better translations.

At this point, I didn't know very much about programming. Thanks to users in the LOONA Discord server who were archiving the photos posted to Fab, I was able to discover a lead in scraping the text content. Using an Android emulator, I was able to run the app and examine the requests being sent and received. I was able to emulate requested to Fab using HTTP headers to retrieve a JSON file containing the message data.

Using Python, I wrote a simple program to retrieve the JSON and iterate through it, printing the messages to a markdown file. Markdown was chosen so that I could use the static site generator [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) to generate a webpage to easily view the messages. I also utilized the [Material for MkDocs](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) theme so that messages could be easily searched. 

At this stage, the message text was still in Korean. I experimented with a few different translation libraries for Python with integration with Google Translate and the free version of Papago Translate. However, the translations provided by the free versions of these services was not very accurate. Papago Translate by Naver does offer a premium version of their translation service, but registration wasn't publicly open to users in the United States. Thankfully, I was able to contact Naver and they manually opened registration for me for a 30 minute period. No public library existed for the premium version of Papago Translate but it was relatively simple to implement using their documentation. 

Note: When I worked on this project, I had yet to learn about best practices for programming. As a result, my code was not written in a way that favored readability.
